While Vehicular Ad-hoc Networks (VANETs) can potentially improve driver safety and traffic management efficiency (e.g. through timely sharing of traffic status among vehicles), security and privacy are two ongoing issues that need to be addressed. Hence, security solutions such as A Blockchain-based Privacy-Preserving Authentication Scheme for Secure Vehicular Communications have been proposed. While Vehicular Ad-hoc Networks (VANETs) can potentially improve driver safety and traffic management efficiency (e.g. through timely sharing of traffic status among vehicles), security and privacy are two ongoing issues that need to be addressed. This paper proposes a novel blockchain-based authentication scheme leveraging conditional privacy within temporary platoons. The proposed model is an extended model based on Temporary Blockchain Platoons Formation. Our scheme utilizes blockchain technology to ensure data integrity and prevent unauthorized access, while enabling conditional privacy preservation where data sharing is limited based on pre-defined trust levels within the platoon. This significantly reduces reliance on Roadside Units (RSUs), leading to a cost-effective approach. Compared to traditional Public Key Infrastructure (PKI), our scheme offers improved security, enhanced privacy, and reduced infrastructure costs, promoting wider VANET implementation. Apart from the extra proposed features, rest features and mechanisms will be working as in already present Platoon Model.
 
